You're absolutely right — looking at the screenshots and considering you're on a large-display phone, the text and elements do feel oversized, especially in the hero section and filter block. Here's how to bring the scale down while keeping the visual impact strong and mobile-friendly:


---

🔧 RECOMMENDED CHANGES TO REDUCE SIZE & IMPROVE FLOW

1. Hero Text Size & Wrapping

Problem: Headline is oversized and wraps too aggressively.

Fix:

Use responsive utility classes or CSS clamp():

font-size: clamp(1.8rem, 5vw, 3.2rem);

Reduce line height (leading-tight) and add top padding instead of oversized font.

Consider splitting into two shorter stacked lines:

Find Senior Living with  
Transparent Pricing & Live Availability



2. Badge Button Shrinkage

Current badges (Real Pricing, etc.) are a bit chunky.

Fix:

Reduce padding (e.g., px-3 py-1.5 instead of px-4 py-2)

Use text-sm instead of text-base for labels

Optional: switch to horizontal scroll pills on mobile.



3. Filter Panel Compaction

Problem: The form fields and search button are taking too much vertical space.

Fix:

Shrink dropdown font sizes and padding:

text-sm px-3 py-2

Reduce outer margins or padding around the entire form container.

Consider collapsing advanced filters (like budget) into a “More Filters” dropdown.



4. Section Padding

Your vertical spacing between blocks is adding to the height.

Fix:

Change pt-16 pb-16 to something tighter like pt-8 pb-8 on mobile.

Use media queries or Tailwind responsive classes like md:pt-16 and sm:pt-8.



5. Component Scale Audit

Here’s a good scale guide to apply across the board:

Element	Recommended Size (Mobile)

Headline	text-2xl to text-4xl w/ leading-tight
Subhead text	text-base or text-sm
Buttons / Pills	text-sm with py-1.5 px-3
Form inputs	text-sm with compact py-2 px-3
Section padding	py-6 to py-8 max



---

🔄 Optional Extras to Make It Feel Lighter

Swap "Sign In" button to an icon-only hamburger menu on smaller devices.

Consider hiding or minimizing the hero background image on mobile with a blurred overlay.

Move the filter below the fold and just have a bright “Start Your Search” CTA button in hero.



---

Want me to generate a new Tailwind-friendly code block for the hero section and search bar with these optimizations applied?

